
Terms of Use
Please read the following Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”) prior to using this web site (the “Site”). By using or otherwise accessing this Site you agree to the terms, conditions, policies and restrictions governing the use of this Site, which thus constitute a legal agreement between you and Princeton Asset Management, LLC (“Princeton”). Princeton may change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Site at any time, including the availability of any Site feature, database, or content. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, please do not access this website.
Unless the context otherwise makes clear, all references to “Princeton” or “Our Company” in this Site refer to Princeton Asset Management, LLC. As used herein, the terms “you” and “user” shall mean any visitor to the Site.
No Offer to Sell or Solicitation of an Offer to Buy or sell

The information provided on this Site is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or commodities, or investment advice relating to securities or commodities, or a representation that any security or commodity is a suitable or appropriate investment for any person. You are advised to give independent consideration to, and conduct independent investigation with regards to, this information and to obtain investment advice from your financial, legal and tax advisors. You should assume all information is written and prepared for large and experienced institutional investors with the highest degree of financial sophistication and knowledge and the capacity to withstand and assess any financial losses. Further, the use of the information provided herein is at the reader’s risk, expressly purports an obligation of due diligence and is strictly intended for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation by Princeton. 
No Investment Advice

Viewing or utilizing information on this website, or communicating with our office or advisors does not automatically create an investment advisory relationship of any kind. The investment advisory relationship can be established only after our thorough review of your relevant financial information and the execution of a written engagement and fee agreement.
Investment Adviser Registration

Princeton Asset Management, LLC is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and is regulated by multiple States. Princeton and its affiliates may only transact business or render personalized investment advice in those states and international jurisdictions where we are registered or otherwise qualified to do so. 

Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

This site and all information contained herein is made available on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of suitability or fitness for a particular purposes. Any users of the website hereby acknowledge that the use of the site is at your own individual or entity’s risk. Information contained, including pricing, valuation, and commentary on specific products, if any, reflects the authors' analysis and other information available as of the publication date indicated. Furthermore, any quotations, news, opinions, commentaries, recommendations, data, pricing and all other information contained on this Site are believed to be accurate and reliable, but Princeton cannot and does not guarantee its timeliness, completeness or accuracy as of the viewing date. Neither Princeton nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers or employees, nor any third party vendor will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of this Site, or resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making this Site or the data contained therein available to you, or from any other cause relating to your access to, inability to access, or use of the Site or these materials, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of Princeton or of any vendor providing software or services support. 

Use of LinksLinks to or from other Internet sites may be included at times for the convenience of the user. Princeton and its affiliates assume no responsibility for the content of any linked site. The fact that such links may exist does not indicate approval or endorsement of any material contained on any linked site. Princeton’s clients may use the links provided on the Site to access applicable brokerage accounts. Princeton does not endorse nor take the responsibilities of the accuracy or any other aspects of these third-party links.

Copyright Notice The contents of the Princeton Asset Management’s Site on the internet are protected by applicable copy right laws. Without Princeton’s written approval, no permission is granted to copy, distribute, modify, post or frame any text, blog, pictures, graphics, video, audio, software code, or user interface design or logos. Except for any third party exchange data, you may download information and print out a copy for your personal use, so long as you do not remove any copyright or other notice as may be contained in information, as downloaded.
Jurisdiction The Terms of Use of the Site and the contact initiated and maintained with Princeton shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to such state’s rules regarding conflicts of laws. By accessing this Site, you agree that courts located in Florida shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims and actions arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use and/or your use of this Site, and you further agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts and consent to extra-territorial service of process for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action. 

